but just remember Jesse this book is the lid
to a rabbit hole and once you've opened it I'd
turn back if I was you when it comes to reverse
engineering UFOs the guy that comes to mind for
most people is Bob Lazar but what if I were to
tell you that Lazar isn't the first person in
American history to work on UFOs in fact there's
a mysterious mid century American inventor whose
flying saucer-shaped gravitator attracted the
attention of the government's top brass the man
I'm talking about is named towns and brown towns
and brown towns and brown towns and brown towns
and brown there's a guy named towns and brown okay
okay towns and brown I want to look that up the
Holy Grail of physics involves the unification
of the four fundamental forces which includes
finding a missing link between electromagnetism
and gravity Einstein actually spent the latter
half of his career trying to solve for this
mathematically we're not being honest about the
failure of string the there's an infinite number
of universes that are possible right in your room
meet your kaku's out of control it is my belief
that this spooky inventor may have experimentally
discovered this long sought link they all going I
quiet it down because nobody ever got anywhere or
quiet it down because it did get somewhere
and it went black any questions from last
time the popular account of brown is that he's
an amateur quack his only publicly acknowledged
invention is sharper image's Ionic Breeze Air
Purifier the Quadra and the GP but his life's
work was classified by the Navy and was shrouded
by intentionally seated disinformation and so now
we can discount it nothing to see here right
he was at the birth of all of the intelligence
agencies CIA towns in brown is Nicola Tesla meets
the dose eki guy he's popping up everywhere at
pivotal moments in American history he's closely
coordinating with William Stevenson Churchill's
super spy and the inspiration for James Bond
Edward Teller the father of the hydrogen bomb and
the notorious General Curtis lame Chief of Staff
of the Air Force Brown is at Martin Corporation
the same year skunkworks gets founded and then
goes into Nazi Germany in 1945 to retrieve exotic
propulsion technology Townsen Brown was even a
close Confidant and colleag of Robert sarbacher
the student of Einstein and famed Harvard
physicist who towards the end of his life admitted
to UFO researcher William Steinman that the rumors
surrounding UFO crashes are substantially correct
in fact modern UFO whistleblower David grush has
publicly stated that Robert sarbacher helped set
up UFO secrecy sarbacher somebody purportedly
involved in the standup of the stuff that I
uncovered right Brown's 1953 Winter Haven
proposal almost exact ly resembles how all
insiders describe America's Secret UFO program no
one has the whole puzzle or an image of the whole
puzzle but they have pieces the whole thing was
set up to be that way previously the towns & Brown
fan club has been relegated to obscure Forums
on the dark corners of the internet coun Browns
like potato chips you just can't stop but just
last year far more concrete details have emerged
about Brown's life thanks to paulish shatkin the
author of Brown's amazing new biography the man
who mastered gravity why do you think these
people spoke to you now we're getting some
interesting territory the story is a Vindication
of brown a resounding defense of his work one
that points to a new paradigm of science that
was proven experimentally and witnessed by the
highest levels of American government just to get
sequestered off fiscated and go into deep black
Aerospace and if you're interested in Bob Lazar
I'd say Brown's work even Prov provides a better
explanation of the whole Bob Lazar story than Bob
Lazar himself but we'll get into that later I knew
that he wasn't the crank that wanted to go play
with pineapples and Electro culture I also learned
from Townsen Brown's daughter Linda that the
inventor would constantly speak of biblical UFOs
and aliens behind closed doors and with his family
he was also genuinely obsessed with time travel I
think he worried a l TR how humans were going to
react when they finally had to grow up and accept
the fact that they're not alone my new friend
Jan lanquist an absolute research Prodigy with
an identic memory also sits down with me I may be
the wor expert on Town and brown you might know
more than anybody in the world I might all of this
stuff which was being looked at 60 years ago is
still really cutting it up I also speak with Nick
cook famed Aviation journalist and author author
of The Hunt for Zero Point Cook spent decades
speaking to physicists Titans of Aerospace even
multiple presidents of Skunk Works studying the
history of aerospace's interest in anti-gravity
and finally I get to grill a Navy scientist who
holds a deep understanding of the fundamental
and theoretical implications of Brown's work but
cannot reveal his identity for fear of reprisals
and the reactor will need to be able to put out
perhaps so 50 million Watts so so without further
Ado hit subscribe and prepare to take a stroll
down the rabbit hole with this week's American
Alchemist The Godfather of American dark science
and the original UFO architect Thomas Townsen
Brown different parts of the rain have
different activities but you know that don't
you people you up maybe you should interview me
given that we're about to cover some fairly
dangerous subjects like a century-long government
anti-gravity and UFO cover up I would like to
make the public disclaimer that I'm actually
the happiest and healthiest I've ever been and do
not wish to do any harm to myself and that's the
perfect segue into today's sponsor betterhelp
better help is an online platform that matches
you with one of over 30,000 LIC therapists in
their network based on your needs preferences
and location personally I've been lucky enough
to come from a family of shrinks in fact my
godfather Phil stuts who was featured in Jonah
Hills Netflix documentary called stuts is the
subject of a future episode and he absolutely
loves me give yourself a certain amount of time
to talk and then shut the [__] up you can find
amazing people like Phil but who are also far
nicer than Phil on betterhelp.com all you have
to do is fill out a simple question and in most
cases within 48 hours you'll be matched with a
therapist sessions can be done via phone video
chat or even messaging and if you don't think
it's a great match you can switch therapists
with a single click in your settings no awkward
breakups or need to start the search again just
go to betterhelp.com Jessy Michels NOA and
Michaels and get 10% off your first month
of therapy you can also just click the link in
the description clicking that link helps support
this channel Channel and it also gets you 10% off
your first month of Better Health and now towns in
brown Thomas Townsen Brown was born in Zanesville
Ohio in 1905 to a wealthy family as a child he
would electrocute the soil with charged rods so
worms would come to the surface it's those sorts
of stories just pattern match so much for me for
like like this prodigious inventor type he was
touted as zanesville's second Edison by the local
papers when he made his first Wireless Telegraph
at 12 years old and like Edison and Einstein he
did poorly in school earning mediocre grades in
all subjects except physics and history where he
effortlessly earned A's he was an autodidact and
he learned what he wanted to learn from a young
age Brown dreamed of interstellar travel and
alien contact Paul shatkin documents an intimate
exchange townzen had on a sailboat with his soon
Tobe wife Josephine someday men will travel in
space just as easily as we are sailing now great
ships will silently push away from Earth just
as easy as the sailboat pushed away from the
dock to to go back to the very beginning in
the tals and Brown story he was a student and
I think this might have been when he was at
Caltech when they were doing experiments with
Crooks x-ray tubes m and what he observed was that
when a high voltage was applied to the crooks tube
he noticed that the wire conducting the voltage
jumped the Byfield Brown effect is an anomalous
physics principle at the heart of this story and
it also invites the most controversy the basic
experiment involves placing a neutral insulator or
dialectric between two metal plates one positively
charged and the other negative for greater thrust
the posit positive plate should be smaller than
the negative plate so the whole system is called
an asymmetric capacitor because of the different
plate sizes when a high direct current in the
mega Volt range is applied to the system the
negative plate starts to chase the positive plate
this happens even if the positive plate is placed
skywards in other words the negative to positive
thrust seems to beat gravity many institutions and
people have tried to either downplay or falsify
ify Brown's experiments for example in 1990 the
Air Force tested a Byfield Brown experiment in
a vacuum but they only used 19 kts instead of
the mega voltage Brown was using one of the things
that seems to be a consistent theme through all of
the various steps in Brown's life is the need
for extremely high voltages and extremely low
currents besides using laughably low voltage the
other way people have historically written Brown
off is by saying that the thrust created by the
system is simply a product of ion wind pressure
but in 1956 jacqu coron a French Air Force
officer and Technical representative for one
of France's largest aircraft companies Su West
facilitated Brown's experiments in a vacuum in
the Mont golfier facility in Paris I think he was
OS I think he was a French Canadian Heritage his
father was an antique stealer named Lewis out of
Montreal y shatkin actually met jacqu Corone in
April of 2008 in Pennsylvania right before he died
still fully Lucid the 98-year-old French Aerospace
veteran confirmed the mon golfier reports findings
and the bizarre anomalous effect he witnessed
with Browns an effect that flew in the face of
conventional science the very very very it was
sensitive to so so many things in vacum finally
to so thaty as brown said after the experiment
himself in short it appears there is strong
evidence that the Byfield Brown effect does
exist in the negative to positive direction in a
vacuum of at least 10 the -6th tour the residual
thrust is several orders of magnitude larger than
the remaining ambient ionization can account for
that's basically just a fancy way of reiterating
that brown believed he had figured out a possible
link between electromagnetism and gravity and that
the thrusts he witnessed with his charged discs
were far greater than what could be explained Away
by ionic wind the people in France are writing to
jacqu and they're saying we're inviting so and
so to see a demonstration well each of those
demonstrations was a level higher which indicates
they're getting some reaction they're getting some
Ministry of science generals such and such last
one was the French atomic energy whatever their
atomic energy name was but jacqu coron and his
French contemporaries are just the first of five
incredibly reliable Witnesses the second reliable
witness to towns and Browns experiments is agnu
bonson air conditioning magnate and anti-gravity
and physics Patron out of University of North
Carolina Chapel Hill and bonson writes in his
notes that there's something going on here
that we're unable to account for from a 19 1971
Australian intelligence memo often cited by UFO
whistleblower David grush we basically now know
that bonson and his Institute of field physics
at North Carolina Chapo Hill were just academic
satellites of the CIA tasked with studying anti-
revity bonson talks about anomalous phenomena that
happen when you get into extremely high voltages
at extremely low currents while serving as a
patron for towns and Brown's experimental gravity
work bonson holds the 1957 Chapel Hill conference
the goal of which was to bring together the
world's top theoretical physicists to understand
gravity which is a Confluence of the two families
the wittens and the DTs with Fineman and Wheeler
and all of these unbelievable characters and
attendance coincidentally the whole conference
is sponsored by Wright Airfield that's right what
became Wright Patterson Air Force Base and the
place that is perhaps the epicenter of all UFO
mythology starting with Roswell as Eric wein and
others have noted the Chapel Hill conference ends
up sending academic theoretical physics into a
complete deadend culdesac by establishing quantum
gravity which leads to string theory the copian
academic framework that has basically led to no
empirical results since the 70s string theory was
a very odd development because it both allowed
physics to proceed as if it was doing something
new while breaking no new ground in the physical
world in which we live I don't really know if
you were trying to stagnate the field strength
area is pretty brilliant but why would you try to
stagnate physics maybe because in the 40s and 50s
physics was leading to increasingly catastrophic
death weapons maybe the physicists at Chapel Hill
were engaging in self- sabotage with quantum
gravity or maybe they were putting safety guard
rails on academic physics but perhaps the most
fascinating clue to where the real vital off the
books physics went is dropped by Eric Weinstein
in a conversation he has with Joe Rogan about the
Chapel Hill conference he says that an Austrian
mathematician named Herman Bondi brings up
positivity conditions placed on general relativity
that may artificially exclude an anomalous anti-g
gravitic effect involving negative mass in fact
I have the report from the 1957 Chapel Hill
conference it's called the role of gravitation and
physics and there's even a chapter dedicated to
Herman bondi's talk on negative mass and general
relativity if you have two masses in general they
always attract each other gravitationally but
what if somehow you had a different kind of
mass that was negative just like you could have
negative and positive charges oddly the negative
mass is still attracted just the same way to the
positive mass as if it there was no difference
but the positive mass is always repelled so
you get this weird solution where the negative
Mass chases the positive mass and they go off to
like you know unbounded acceleration remember in
relativity you have mass energy equivalents and if
you just swap out mass and replace it with energy
in what Weinstein is saying here you have an exact
description of towns and Brown's work the negative
Mass chases the positive Mass the negative
electrode moves toward the positive electr
so if you were to remove relativity's positivity
conditions you may provide a plausible theoretical
framework for towns and Browns work and remember
Townsen Brown was working with bonson while
the Chapel Hill conference was being held and
according to author Paul Le Violet Brown was even
at the conference I can just picture the spooky
Renegade inventor popping into the conference
and laughing at the high and mighty theoretical
physicists groping in the dark at solutions for
anti-gravity while he's doing the real vital
experimental work in the back lab Weinstein
then goes on to say something that I find just as
fascinating the highbrow version of this doesn't
work and the lowbrow version of this doesn't work
so far as We Know the lowra version is called
electrogravitics gravit Dynamics electrogravitics
was basically a term invented around towns
and brown work but how do we know the low brow
applied version of anti-gravity towns and Brown's
electrogravitics wasn't actually effective yet
strategically stigmatized because of its defense
implications especially if these artificial
positivity conditions in general relativity
are used to explain away other anomalous effects
involving negative Mass my take here is that low
brow terms like electrogravitics were basically
used to stigmatize more vital exciting off the
books physics that way the public in Academia
wouldn't investigate it does our government
have a protocol to wield stigma as a tool for
keeping its programs secret is is the government
certainly there are parts of the government who
consider consider that to be their job I'm friends
with a SpaceX veteran and he told me that when
SpaceX was just starting out Boeing and locked
Martin would always use the term rocket science
to make rockets seem more esoteric than they were
and to demotivate new entrance like SpaceX was
the same thing basically going on with electr
gravitics the next credible witness of towns and
Brown's work is a guy named Victor brandus a Major
General in the Air Force who helped negotiate the
Japanese surrender in World War II and worked with
Colonel Albert Boyd who ran the Air Force's flight
test division at again right Airfield brandus
paid an unannounced visit to a demo of Brown's
gravitator at the towns and Brown Foundation in
1952 after witnessing the demo he said believe it
or not I saw a model of a flying saucer I thought
I should report it there was a lot of objection to
my getting in there by the party that took me and
the thing frighten me frighten me for the fact
that it is being held or conducted by a private
group if it ever gets away I say that it is in the
stage in which atomic development was in the early
days the fourth credible witness is Paul
Alfred bfield the Ohio based physicist who
had studied alongside Einstein in the 20s he
came up with the idea for using capacitors in
Brown's experiments he has a discussion with
beld about what might be an instrument for
inducing a gravitational field if you if that
could be done with electricity and beld says I
think it might be a capacitor so that's the
origin that's why he calls it the bifel gra
effect because he's giving credit to bifel for
that part of the inspiration but detractors
like to claim that brown and bfield never met
you see a lot of people trying to play down
his interactions with Robert milikin at Caltech
and then Paul bfield they say he never met Paul
bfield and then this affidavit comes out later
Paul bfield definitely met and brown it's the
first time we have an objective Observer saying
that there is some anomalous effect here that is
unaccounted for in conventional known physics
and that document is signed by Paul Alfred
bifel the final credible witness is none other
than Edward Teller the father of the American
hydrogen bomb who observed Brown's experiment
at his home in Berkeley with Brown's daughter
Linda and teller's wife Augusta present teller
was completely Dum struck by Brown in his demo
and he looks at it and finally he said
I don't understand how it works and he
says I have no idea what makes this work so
there we are in the realm of this anomalous
electrical effect that no more personage than
Edward Teller couldn't understand and his wife
tells Linda whose townin daughter and says oh
you don't know how nice it is to hear him say
that exactly and then there's a 1943 FBI
file on Brown that shotkin has recently
surfaced it says that brown knew more about radar
detection than any individual in the US Navy I'm
not saying that competence in radar proves his
gravity manipulation experiments worked but I am
saying that the idea that brown was a failed
hack quickly dissolves upon doing a little
research when shatkin tries to use the Freedom of
Information Act to retrieve Brown's records from
the Navy they repeatedly play dumb at first and
act like they aren't even aware of a man with that
name in the Navy they're basically saying well
this is strange we can't seem to find his records
anywhere then when shatkin provides them with
20 plus letters between brown and the research
laboratory they deny his request when Townsen
daughter Linda Brown makes the same request citing
a special Clause that family service requests have
to to be honored they first give her the records
of the wrong towns in brown a naval Commander so
I'm sitting with all this information and they're
trying to tell me he didn't exist and then give
her a very slim clearly edited version of her
father's service they hint to her that a lot
of towns and Brown's work was classified not
only classified me we can't tell you if it's
classified yeah when Tom vone of the Integrity
Research Institute tried to locate a copy of an
appraisal of Brown's experiments conducted in 1950
to by the naval research laboratory the laboratory
no longer had it the paper was called the TT Brown
electrogravity device and so now we can discount
it nothing to see here right and I find out he
wasn't the crank that he's been labeled the Quadra
and the GP so why exactly did Brown have such a
quacky reputation his work getting completely
stigmatized maybe it's because he wanted it
that way you see in 1950 during a demo in Pearl
Harbor Brown's work was compromised by a Soviet
spy acting as a janitor Brown was so disconcerted
that from that point on he began showing people
the wrong version of his work to throw them off
the trail on the real science underlying it brown
then engages on his own self discrediting campaign
to divert attention from the work that was taken
into the Black Realm this trick he played was
referred to as his wounded prairie chicken routine
as Paul writes prairie chickens have a to distract
Predators from their nest they limp away from the
nest as if injured then at a safe distance they
recover and fly away Brown would show people
his fluid dialectric system rather than the real
solid dialectric gravitator the fluid dialectric
is what's behind the lifter technology small
tinfoil triangles seen in countless DIY YouTube
videos these sort of make Brown's work look like
an eighth grade science fair project it wears the
mantle of having some kind of G itic effect but it
is attributed to the ionic wind the tin foil level
is the large plate and the wire is the small plate
mhm but when they are charged the wire generates
ions that's what causes it to lift but if you
have a solid dialectric you're not going to get
that ionic production oh interesting interesting
so that's where and and but it's like so simar
it's like perfect the best disinfo is 95% true and
5% false and I people don't understand that unless
do you think that Brown's work just took the form
of these useless gravitator and never work their
way into functional Aerospace Vehicles we have a
decent amount of evidence that northrip grumman's
B2 stealth bomber actually uses town and Brown's
principles I don't know I've even talked to some
people who are like former Northrup and stuff
and like nobody's given me any first principles
reasons as to why it no it doesn't it doesn't use
the bfield BR effect like it's it's all like oh
that's a myth but it there's nothing substantive
around why it doesn't work it's just like don't
don't look at this or something which makes me
just want to look at it more of course remember
that demo Brown did for teller that blew him away
well it convinced a prominent lawyer in Aerospace
Finance here named Floyd odam to invest $4,000
in Brown's Santa Monica based company guidance
Technologies people who have Capital who are
always being approached with propositions
for their Capital they want somebody to tell
them it's going to be okay when odam made his
investment in Brown in the 60s he was a majority
owner of northri before its merger with grummet
remember that fact in 1967 after having multiple
highlevel meetings with the Rand Corporation Bill
leer and general Curtis lame and critic May
kind of followed my dad down the steps towns
and brown shuts down guidance Technologies with
no explanation just 3 months later Floyd odams
Northrup writes a paper saying that they are
investing in Electro aerodynamics basically
towns and Browns work and then they retracted that
press release oh wa we didn't mean for that one to
get out right and actually that 1968 paper which
I also found was on electrostatics and whether
electrostatics could confer a kind of an advantage
to an airframe if you charge the airframe
electrostatically it is said that and in fact
the northr paper demonstrated a reduction in in
aerodynamic drag Dan Marcus was a pseudonymously
named but very prominent British physicist that
served as a primary source for Nick cook in the
hunt for zero points when Marcus searched for
the northrip paper on Electro aerodynamics at the
American Institute of Aeronautics and astronautics
he found that it had totally vanished after
Decades of classified work on the B2 stealth
bomber and maybe some investigation into towns and
Brown's work northrup's Premier stealth vehicle
was revealed to use an electrostatic effect in
its wings producing a Byfield Brown effect the
B2 surfs its own electrostatic wave the negative
Cloud chasing the positive wing and the plane is
effectively surfing that wave at high altitudes
where the wings don't have as much bite on the
air and the B2 was built by the merged Northrup
grummet whose major investor Floyd odam was the
same guy that invested in towns and Browns company
guidance Technologies in the' 60s so maybe maybe
Brown's guidance Technologies didn't fail at all
maybe it figured out some exotic propulsion Tech
which northrip had 20 years to perfect with
the B2 stealth bomb so are we just witnessing
a little wounded prairie chicken routine with
some covert IP transfer personally I am not sure
if the B2 uses any sort of anti-gravity effect
it clearly uses some sort of charge around its
skin as a mechanism to probably lower its radar
signature this might also improve the the lift
to drag ratio of The Craft it's plausible to me
and it's also plausible that they would deny that
that technology totally is is at work we had a
person involved in the what we call the before
Times Forum his name was Raymond lavas who is
passed now who was a Canadian mathematician who
uh swears that there was some very esoteric math
that he worked on for the B to but Britain's most
eminent Aerospace journalist Bill Gunston fellow
of the royal aeronautical Society famously wrote
an article called military power it was published
in Air International magazine as a comprehensive
rundown on aerial engine technology since the
end of the second world war this guy was so
knowledgeable about stuff he was to a junior
like me when I first joined the organization
his knowledge was Godlike to me you know and there
he comes up with this astounding article that the
B2 you know when you run all the weights and the
propulsion Dynamics it would have been incapable
of the performance figures credited for it
so therefore it had to have some other boost
to its capabilities it's its regular capabilities
and this he said was down to this electrogravitic
propulsion SCE which was astounding Gunston not
only portrayed the B2 anti-gravity Drive story
as fact but went on to reveal that he had been
well acquainted with the rudiments of TT Brown's
theories for years but had no wish to reside
in the Tower of London so he had refrained from
discussing clever aeroplanes with leading edges
charged to millions of volts positive and trailing
edges to millions of volts negative so the verdict
is still out but I think there's a lot of evidence
that at least some of towns and Browns work made
it into the B2 and then you ask yourself the
question if there was covert IP transfer into
the B2 bomber what other Aerospace things did
Brown's work make it into MIT has demonstrated a
plane with no moving Parts their ion plane uh the
demonstration plane looks like maybe it's 12 ft
across and it's flying inside a room but they're
explaining where they get the idea and they say
we took our idea from an obscure scientist back
in the 20s they don't name him but they show pages
of town since research and that's being displayed
now right that's cool so the ions go from the
positive to the negative colliding all the way
with neutral air molecules that's essentially how
it flies so we know MIT students as recent as 2018
are investigating towns and Brown's work I also
introduced Nick cook and Paul shatkin for an off-
camera meeting just to ensure that they weren't
being thrown off by the same disinformation
sources we found out that they had very different
contacts again both claiming that the B2 stealth
bomber implemented aspects of towns and Brown's
work and if that doesn't fully vindicate Brown's
Aerospace Legacy here's an official 204
NASA Marshall space flight center patent
under a senior engineer named John Campbell for
a barrel-shaped asymmetrical capacitor naturally
the associated white paper mentions towns and
brown a lot but mainly in the context of updates
in ionic propulsion it's a bit more skeptical of
the ability for the Byfield Brown effect to work
in a vacuum again I'll reiterate that I'm open to
the possibility that Brown's work simply amounted
to very exotic ionic wind propulsion implemented
in Black Aerospace and that his work ultimately
didn't marry electromagnetism and gravity but
there are two other possibilities with this
NASA paper number one is that the Air Force and
contractors like locked and northr know a lot more
than NASA and number two is that NASA was playing
dumb you see in 2003 right before they filed their
towns and Brown related patents NASA announced
through an article in the guardian that it would
be ending its breakthrough physics and gravity
manipulation efforts the article is basically a
dedication to towns and brown whose quote unquote
name may be forgotten but his dream lives on but
they don't explicitly cite any reasons for ceasing
their investigation into Brown's work this I think
is ultimately what's very hard to talk about is
to what extent the things that he discovered in
the 1920s and 30s to what extent could that be
the foundation of whatever has been developed
completely off the books and were black do you
think Bob Lazar is full of [__] Bob Lazar Bob
Lazar Bob Lazar the really confusing thing for
people that are detractors is he really hasn't
changed his story in 31 years it really is the
same story if you are not one of the tens of
millions of people who've listened to to his
podcast with Joe Rogan Bob Lazar claimed he
worked at a secret compartmentalized facility at
Area 51 called S4 in the Nevada desert reverse
engineering a flying saucer that looked like this
I went into the hanger door and in the hanger door
was the disc the Flying Saucer this is technology
that doesn't even exist Lazar had been recruited
to work there after reportedly meeting with Edward
Teller the father of the hydrogen bomb and once
Lazar was read in he was sworn to secrecy about
his work now you'd think it would be pretty easy
to write Lazar off as crazy but he definitely
knew some real classified American Secrets for
example people hadn't even heard of the top
secret flight testing facility Area 51 before
and they definitely didn't know its location in
Nevada's Groom Lake Lazar also remained remarkably
consistent in his story since ' 89 when it came
out but here's the weirdest detail that makes me
think the Lazar story was intentionally pushed out
by the CIA his story was leaked to the public by a
CIA pilot a close friend of his named John le who
flew cargo planes for the CIA and set all sorts of
Aviation records of the 70s good evening this is
John le was a day in 1987 into the studio comes
a guy named John Lear Lear literally introduced
bobazar to Legendary UFO journalist George knp who
broke the story now I've spoken to Jeremy Corbell
George nap's co-host on the weaponized podcast
who's made a great documentary about Bob Lazar
Corbell assured me that Lear could bar tie his
own shoes he just had a really wide filter and was
duped by a lot of the people around him I respect
Jeremy Corbell and George nap a lot they and Ross
Kart are basically the only guys meeting with
people in and around the actual UFO program on the
front lines but after doing a little more research
on John leer I kind of just think he was doing the
bidding of the CIA he acted like he disaffiliated
from the CIA in ' 83 but according to George knap
himself Lear may have flown planes for the CIA
well into the 80s around the the time he leaked
the Lazar story your CIA if there was an active
UFO program under the CIA going on in the'80s why
would they continue to contract with a guy leaking
secrets about their Holy Grail top black program
that's like the department of energy continuing
to pay a person who is leaking the nuclear codes
I want to be very clear I'm not saying that the
information Bob Lazar put out is fully wrong or
fake I'm not even saying he definitively didn't
work on exotic craft of off-planet origin and
I'm definitely not saying that the reporting
on him was all a waste of time what I am saying
is that clearly someone on the inside someone
likely connected to John leer obviously wanted
this story out now what what kind of proof do
you have that that that is true how do you know
that just think about it for a second Lear was not
only close friends with Lazar before Lazar got
hired by Area 51 Lear had an active newsletter
about UFOs at at the time Lear constantly
spoke at UFO conferences in Vegas became
very actively involved in muon a civilian UFO
organization wrote Anonymous pieces with Behold
a Pale Horse author and crazy conspiracy theorist
Bill Cooper he even visited Paul benowitz and in
case you don't recall benowitz was the victim
of a horrible scop perpetrated by an Air Force
technology vertically taking off and landing at
kland Air Force Base Dodie convinced him that
he was viewing alien craft and basically drove
him into psychiatric hospitalization but Lear
visited benowitz after Dodie did and a reports
were that benowitz was pretty spooked after that
meeting finally the documents about the origins
of humanity that were given to Lazar are insanely
similar to those shown to Linda Molton how to read
at Kirtland Air Force Base by none other than Rick
Dodie this this shows that there was coordination
across multiple Air Force bases spreading the
same disinformation to protect core truths around
Advanced aviation in the80s truths that probably
involved towns and Brown's work what does stories
like that do well they obscure the truth you know
they act as smoke screams for anyone who's trying
to do serious investigation on people like brown
because of the taint that comes with them other
aliens appear to be essentially the same as
earthmen while still others have particularly
ride wraparound eyes do you really think a real
UFO reverse engineering program wouldn't do a
basic background check on Lazar and know his
good friend was a babbling UFO nut and that might
just be a red flag for hiring you in the first
place most people think I'm absolutely nut let's
just reiterate the timeline here's what was going
on in the 70s John leer and his good friend an
aviation photog photographer and journalist named
Jim Goodall are camping out of Area 51 in Groom
Lake constantly at the time Area 51 security is
very aware of John Lear and know exactly who
he is by Jeremy Corbell and George nap's own
admission in the 80s Lear continues to fly cargo
planes for the CIA on top secret missions and then
Lazar gets hired at Area 51 by an apparent secret
CIA UFO program that doesn't seem to care that
his friend Lear has been hanging out around Area
51 and photographing it for the better part of a
decade they also don't seem to care that John
leer has been systematically spilling secrets
So we saw uh we showed him the BillyMeier's tapes
In 1989 Bob Lazar goes public with
John Lear introducing him to George Knapp
Lazar describes working on a flying saucer that looks
exactly like Billy Meier's sports model it looked
like uh if anyone's familiar with uh Billy Meier's
uh sightings very astonishingly similar to that
uh that craft and what about the line from
Jacque Vallee's book about UFO misinformation
Valle claims that Lazar told him about a strange
liquid he was made to drink and the memory lapses
it caused relax but why would Lear or his handlers
want to spread all these lies flood the Zone with
craziness on a core secret you're worried might
get out eventually but with someone you know you
can discredit in basar soften the blow for the
public when the leak eventually does occur or
maybe protect some deep black Aerospace Tech by
emphasizing its less directly actionable elements
exotic meta materials that came from the sky
instead of the very terrestrial propulsion and
physics breakthroughs which are easier to recreate
but also kind of dangerous what does Townsen Brown
and the B2 stealth bomber have anything to to
do with Bob Lazar well indirectly probably a
whole lot see it's important to understand what
was happening in defense and more specifically
stealth aviation technology in the 80s the stealth
Revolution was just beginning you know stealth was
just beginning to ramp up and you could almost see
someone going hey you know what we're we're going
to need a bit of unconventional cover for this
new technology that's about to come online in ' 87
leer leaks a story about the f117 stealth fighter
to kaas naps news station in Las Vegas and also
gives them a bunch of supposedly top secret UFO
tips he had told my boss Ned day managing editor
about this amazing plane that was invisible
to radar flying up in tonapa in Area 51 by
nap's own account this information on The f-117a
establishes credibility for leer with the news
station but on a plane in the F-117 that is no
longer state-of-the-art and in fact one had just
crashed in Bakersfield in 1986 and had been outed
to the public it also probably wasn't the most
advanced Aviation craft that locki had operational
at the time I think you have your [__] that's
going on where there's definitely some programs
just like they did with the stealth bomber just
like they did with the Hypersonic missiles there's
a lot of stuff that they developed it's like it
has to be developed in top secret for national
security reasons it has to be done that way you
can't just tell everybody you have this thing and
so one of the best ways to obscure that I'm sure
would be to blame it on Aliens and Ben Rich the
director of locked Skunk Works at the time would
openly expressed frustration at all the money
he had to spend on Tech protection maybe the
Extraterrestrial narrative in the 80s was being
used to protect deep black Aerospace projects like
the Aurora or the Astra these are the two code
names used for the long rumored high-speed black
triangle stealth surveillance craft made by locked
Martin and allegedly tested out of Groom link
and this was around the same time Lazar was there
after all the Aurora was probably loi's answer to
northrip B2 as the two prime defense contractors
were locked in head-to-head competition in times
of peak defense spending so maybe the Aurora also
used flight principles inspired by towns and brown
for some context here the US geological surveys
at the time were picking up Sonic booms presumably
from a supersonic craft and they knew it wasn't
created by space shuttle or the SR71 Blackbird
the Aurora had also showed up as a line item in
the 1987 Congressional budget with $2.3 billion
earmarked for it something locki had trouble
explaining away and then finally auroras were
being spotted left and right around the world
an oil rig engineer witnessed and sketched one
near the North Sea in 1989 the same year the Bazar
story came out we ran that story in Jam's defense
weekly it created a huge much finally there are
British Ministry of Defense documents from the
late '90s that discuss black triangular high-speed
Recon aircrafts made by locked Martin that utilize
exotic propulsion so I think the Aurora is real
I just think it uses exotic propulsion technology
that may have its roots in town and brown you may
not find out in a month a year 5 years or 10 years
but you'll look back at what I'm telling you now
and you'll say to yourself my gosh the son of a
gun was right Bob Lazar himself even said he saw
the Aurora while working at Groom Lake but Lazar
apparently found it very unimpressive compared to
the disc technology he was working on tell us a
little more about the Aurora you witnessed taking
off out of Area 51 it was a large craft and it had
two huge Square exhaust with veins and it sounded
more like a rocket than a jet there again working
on the disc technology I really could care less
what was rolling around at Area 51 again again
Lazar is being used to amplify the UFO narrative
while simultaneously downplaying the real human
Tech that could end up in adversary hands and
get weaponized and if you're locked and in
possession of a real UFO craft and maybe the work
on that craft is stagnated you can also use Lazar
as a recruitment tool for engineering Talent who
want to pursue breakthroughs in extraterrestrial
technology but may not have even been aware of
the existence of such technology before Lazar
maybe that also explains Robert Weiss the director
of Skunk Works and his connection to Tom Delong
and ttsa to the Stars Academy later in 2017 see
if you're locki you want the right talent and
awareness around the UFO issue but simultaneously
you probably don't want the government claiming
eminent domain over your UFOs that explains them
working with Congressional Representatives who
they donate a lot of money to like Mike Turner who
literally represents Dayton Ohio's congressional
district with Wright Patterson Air Force space
in it to kill the Schumer bill but perhaps to
get a much clearer understanding of John lear's
potential motivations we have to go all the way
back to the 50s to his father Bill leer and
the early Innings of American UFO and exotic
propulsion research Bill Lear invented the
Learjet the first commercial business airliner
and ran Lear Incorporated an aerospace company
based in Santa Monica he famously developed the
car radio radio direction finders and the first
fully automatic Landing system for an aircraft
he was widely known as the autopilot wizard
if there was an original program working on
anti-gravity propulsion Bill leer was on it in
fact a 1956 article for Jane's defense weekly
States and William leer the autopilot wizard
is already figuring out gravity control for the
weightless craft to come Lear is even on record
at the time stating that one of his reasons for
believing in flying saucers was the existence
of American Research efforts into anti-gravity
corporation's headquarters were across the street
from towns and Brown's guidance Technologies and
Brown's daughter Linda recalls the two inventors
getting lunch practically every day we used to
walk across there was a little diner right across
the street there's even a video of Lear visiting
agnu bonson labs in North Carolina and witnessing
towns and Brown's gravitator experiments yes John
leer had a personal falling out with his father
who cut him out of his will but by all accounts
Jon seemed pretty proud of his father's work
he cared all sorts of Aviation records and was
probably at the Forefront of advanced Aviation
Technology at the time and actually when John
leer saw this footage of his father with Townsen
Brown he was reportedly very emotional so there's
actually a pretty coherent clear picture here
Lear senior works with towns and brown at guidance
Technologies on anti-gravity this anti-gravity
work makes it into stealth Aviation and advanced
propulsion technology in the80s and then Lear Jr
floods The Zone with alien related disinformation
to protect these exotic propulsion breakthroughs
the novel propulsion physics of towns and brown
in 1971 the Australian government's Department of
Defense and their joint intelligence organization
wrote an assessment of UFOs and whether their
government should be investing more resources
into the phenomenon the document writes a
more astounding decision on the part of the
US government was to allocate considerable
funds to investigate gravity and a means of
controlling Gravity the six research centers
being established were at The Institute for
advanced study at Princeton Indiana University
Purdue University University of North Carolina
in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
through the Gravity Research Institute one of
these anti-gravity research centers University
of North Carolina Chapel Hill was basically just
agnu bonson and his Institute for field physics
bonson Chief theoretical physicist was Bryce dwit
and his chief experimentalist was towns and brown
in fact right Airfield Base in close coordination
with Martin Corporation had their own division
of theoretical physics anti-gravity research
headed up by a guy named Josh Goldberg Martin
Corporation pre-lock merger was represented by
a mathematician named Lewis Whitten the reason
there was a laboratory at wght field was to find
out what we were doing and to help us do it and
I got a contract from rightfield to do it to do
gravity which I did very happily Lewis Wht worked
for Martin corporation's anti-gravity research
outfit Research Institute for advanced studies
in fact Lewis Witten from Martin Corporation
is quoted in American theoretical physics as
saying a guy named Townsen discovered that
there was a type of bismuth that was repelled
instead of attracting and where have we heard
about bismuth before that's Gary Nolan Stanford
microbiologist in Nobel nominee who claims to have
UFO crash Parts with isotope ratios that don't
occur naturally on Earth one of of his pieces
that we looked at together when I visited was
magnesium bismi bismuth layers less than a human
hair supposedly picked up in the crash retrieval
of an advanced Aerospace vehicle nowhere could
we find any evidence that anybody ever made one
of these bismuth seems to show up everywhere see
bismuth has what's known as a high K factor
meaning it stores a lot of electromagnetic
charge using an insulator with a high K factor
in the bfield brown experiment is essential for
the level of thrust that you can achieve was Lewis
Whitten just referring to one of Brown's insulator
materials but where did all this high level
theoretical physics research on anti-gravity
go again the simple answer might be that physics
just got shephered into the dead end of quantum
gravity and string theory but remember in the
50s and 60s you had all these top physicists
working on the nature of gravity including
Robert J Oppenheimer Who David grush claims
helped set up UFO secrecy Oppenheimer somebody
reportedly involved in the standup of the stuff
that I uncovered right and we're meant to believe
it just sputtered out quieted down because nobody
ever got anywhere or it quieted it down because
it did get somewhere and it went black and why
would the cia's office of scientific intelligence
need to do all this theoretical anti-gravity work
in the first place well maybe it's because they
were in possession of exotic crafts and trying to
figure out how they work the obvious candidates
for these crafts would be the meta materials
retriev in crashes like those at Roswell Aztec
and Kingman but what if there was another source
for exotic discs in American possession a
source with its roots deep in Nazi black
projects the year is 1945 the place Nazi
Germany Allied fighter pilots have reported
seeing controlled balls of light interfering with
their flight paths in the skies for the last 3
years these mysterious balls BS of light become
known as Foo Fighters and they were simply balls
of light that rose up out of the countryside that
appeared to have some kind of intelligent control
that were able to follow Allied aircraft on
their flight paths and intervene with them
and interact with them and then fly off into the
distance appearing on the scene to investigate
is none other than Townsen Brown Townsen Brown
who was living in California at the time was
pressed into service flown into England and then
from England flown into Germany and from a very
low altitude parachuted Behind Enemy Lines into
Germany where he was recovered by the character
that I have codenamed in the book O'Reilly going
through the papers there was a telegram that had
been sent to Linda's mother and it was was from
the Rockefeller Plaza building and it was signed
in trepid which was William Stevenson's name
code name and Stevenson is saying your husband
is recuperating fine in an English Hospital we'll
send him home soon in a fact so I realized then
that not everybody that goes on a secret mission
and gets wounded has a telegram sent to reassure
their family that they're at the time retrieving
top classified Tech and weaponry from a Nazi
Germany that seemed very close to defeat was
a big priority covert missions like alos and
tyom involved top American scientists heading
Behind Enemy Lines in order to vet captured Nazi
scientists in their exotic nuclear Communications
and propulsion technology it was rumored at the
time also in Nazi Germany that they were working
on flying sauce or flying disc programs Brown
was called in by William Stevenson the mi6's top
spy and the inspiration for James Bond the other
leader of the mission was Wild Bill Donovan who
ran the OSS both guys played a big part in the
initial formation of the CIA the tyom mission
which Brown was associated with took place in
East Germany Brown was captured by the Nazis and
made a prisoner of war just to get rescued shortly
thereafter by the Americans we have no idea
what Brown found or retrieved in Germany and
we're not sure just how far east he made it but
we do know SS officer Hans commer probably ran
a secret weapons unit for the Nazis called Shota
Works which you can think of as the German Skunk
Works Shoto was split between three locations
berno and pilzen in Czechoslovakia and vlof
in modern-day Poland the secret unit worked
on anti-aircraft lasers nuclear propulsion
for rockets and aircraft and directed energy
weapons there were also rumors of some very
exotic propulsion going on we don't know for
sure that shotto works existed but there's a
ton of corroborative evidence that it probably did
that Nick cook outlines in his great book The Hunt
for zero point Albert Spear wrote of Hans commer
he was a cold ruthless schemer commer employed
Aerospace Visionaries like Rudolph Shriver
and Richard Maita Maita is the mysterious high
voltage physicist that Townsen Brown's task force
reportedly helped capture for the Allied Forces he
was a high voltage electrical engineer that they
were looking for and here again this what is the
role of extremely high voltages and extremely low
currents what is what is its role in the possible
generation of synthetic gravitational fields Brown
was likely part of this operation because maita's
work bore an uncanny resemblance to his own in
fact it turns out there's a long lineage of high
voltage physicists creating these high electrical
charges with low current across short distances
this was exactly what nicoa Tesla was rumored to
be working on at Warden Cliffe in Long Island meus
contemporary German technician Rudolph shrier
claims to have worked on a disc-shaped craft
in Prague that made its first flight test in
February of 1945 climbing to 40,000 ft in 3
minutes finally the German Flying Saucer program
employed a mysterious Prodigy inventor named
Victor shurger sha Berger had invented a very
unique form of propulsion using what he dubbed
an impeller a propeller that induced an inward
instead of outward flowing motion to draw water
through a tube the the resulting power was nine
times that of a conventional pressure turbine in
1941 an SS officer approached sha bger in Austria
which prompted a period of complete silence in
his life just a few weeks later he wrote a letter
to his son Walter saying he was in Czechoslovakia
and what I am doing quote unquote is secret and a
lot of these guys came to the US at least in stint
after World War II some in part of paperclip
others just they seem to be recruited out here
projects yeah so maybe it was like there was
some convergence and brown was working on this
stuff in the US and then maybe he needed certain
elements of the picture completed and we needed
this retrieval process that's a very I like that
very Jesse that that brown was kind of a a rogue
operative who who you know went over here and
found this people brought it behind the Curt this
piece and brought it behind the curtain and then
went over here and found that piece he brought it
behind the curtain and and we're suggesting that
there is a lot of advanced techn ology that has
somehow and and to me remarkably so that has been
in fact developed off the books and out of public
knowledge and and that there might be some truth
to that door number two rumor that a lot of this
stuff really exists John Warner ivth the grandson
of CIA founding member Paul melon also has a story
he likes to tell after his grandfather's thirdd
Martini one night melon stated that he and Alan
dullis were in pilzen Czechoslovakia in late May
19 1945 and my grandfather said look you know we
we were in a facility a hanger and we saw you
know a German flying disc and I said you know
oh is that the one that was cobbled together
with six BMW jet engines and he laughed and he
said no here's where the story gets Crazy by most
accounts Maita one of the key aerospace engineers
on the project and the guy that Townsen Brown
captured ends up in Canada working on the avoc
car the avocar was a joint venture between the US
and Canada run by a guy named John Frost to build
basically a functional Flying Saucer shurger stays
behind in Germany but gets approached by Frost in
1953 Meo was probably trying to convince Frost
that he needed to get the Shoto Works band back
together in other words the avocar was trying to
recreate the legendary Nazi UFO program after sha
Berger rejects Frost's offer a German American
counter inell elligence agent named Carl gimer
visits Austria in 1957 promising shurger Millions
to continue his work in Texas gers shimer then
tricks sha Berger into signing all of his IP
over to the US which gets branded as atomic
energy research but why would exotic propulsion
technology be classified as atomic research that
surprised Nick cook a ton when he wrote his book
in 2001 well now it makes complete sense in light
of David gush's whistleblow Revelations the guys
were involved in Manhattan were overlaying the
same ecosystem of secrecy and some of the same
ways to uh protect stuff that they were protecting
our nuclear secrets and what happens to the avocar
project well nominally it fails in 1961 but in
reality it moves to the US to write Patterson Air
Force Base in the form of a project called project
y or silverbug I call Curtis lame and I said
General uh I know we have a room at right patter
where you put all this secret stuff could I go in
there I've never heard him get mad but he got mad
in Hell of me now if you're right Patterson
and you're trying to make a flying saucer
work that would explain why you'd hire a team of
theoretical physicists like Josh Goldberg working
on anti-gravity it would also explain why you'd
sponsor the 1957 Chapel Hill conference finally
it explains why rright Patterson recruited Henry
kwanda a Romani engineer who had invented his own
designs for a lenticular aerodyme Flying Saucer
kowanda was a consultant on Project y out of
right field and in 1956 he along with jock Corone
convinced none other than towns and brown to come
to France to proed that his experiments work in
a vacuum and when Brown flew back to America from
Paris who picked him up from the airport Robert
sarbacher sarbacher somebody purportedly involved
in the standup of the stuff that I uncovered right
remember agnu bonson Brown's Patron in the ' 50s
well in 1959 he actually wrote a science fiction
novel called the stars are too high about a fake
Alien Invasion perpetrated by Rogue anti-gravity
scientists deep in intelligence in order to create
Global unity and ease tensions in the midst of
the Cold War the original anti-gravity scientists
who created The Flying Saucer in Bon's book were
Nazi Germans developing UFOs in secret these Nazi
scientists had defend Ed to America after the war
to work with the Americans to perfect their Flying
Saucer sarbacher wrote here I'll bring the book
I have the book here here we have two books hyper
and ultra high frequency engineering by Robert
sarbacher and electronics and nuclear engineering
sarbacher is mysterious because he studied under
Einstein assistant professor at Harvard then goes
on to work at Georgia Tech which I think there's a
line of the UFO stuff he he was uh while he was at
Georgia Tech he was actually on the board of the
Oakridge atomic energy and Oakridge is a first
nuclear propulsion Center in the US do you have
any idea of what he was studying at Washington
National Lab it was published in the paper that
he had asked for a renewal of a permit to pursue
Atomic research at this residential address in
Washington DC which was his lab shortly after
that read about Dr sarbacher and he says I am
the director of the national research Labs Inc
but that's what they were calling the labs the
atomic energy Labs were the national research Labs
so sarbacher was basically saying I am the secret
director for these Labs that nobody knows about he
was an atomic energy expert his son is quoted as
saying well my father was responsible for Chasing
UFOs UFOs have visited every single nuclear base
in the United States according to Robert Hastings
fantastic book UFOs and nukes the book doc doents
well over 100 very credible eyewitnesses working
on these bases ICBM security personnel and
radar operators the Manhattan Project seemed
very connected to UFOs Manhattan Project they
were kind of the first Blue Book you know they
were getting UFO reports back in the day there's
some people I'm uh colleagues with that like their
grandparents were actually you know the UFO
report people on the Manhattan Project and I
remember being told that I'm like really holy
crap that's crazy an Oppenheimer even helped
set up UFO secrecy protocols the question I've
always asked is then wouldn't the 8,000 other
Los Alamos employees in 1945 see UFOs flying
around the nuclear base wouldn't the existence
of UFOs have been more broadly leaked at the time
well not if they were only visible in the air for
a split second on film in the immediate aftermath
of a nuclear detonation because when the bomb goes
off you can't get in the first few seconds there
are no electronics that work so you're not able
to get any electrical readings or measurements
so all you have to look at are the films coming
back from the test film that towns and brown may
have been reviewing at Lookout Mountain laboratory
serendipitously Lookout Mountain laboratory in
towns and Brown's old house is just a few blocks
away from my house in Laurel Canyon so Paul and
I decided to pay Brown's old stomping grounds a
visit how how long was he here for um 1942 to at
least 1945 pretty wild here he is in Wonderland
on Wonderland Drive In on Lookout Mountain in
morl Canyon at the time when the Navy or the
Air Force were developing this radar facility
and radar was one of his areas of established
expertise at the time I started researching
this it was described as oh that was a World
War I radar command but now that more information
is being released we learn learn that it was the
film labs for the Manhattan engineering project
you think there's a time machine in there yeah a
portal yeah all all we have to do is bang on the
door and break in and portal us straight into jail
somewhere Townsen Brown also spent the end of his
life in Catalina which might might be the world's
biggest hotspot of trans medium water-based UFOs
a phenomenon very well documented by ufologist
Preston Dennett in undersea UFO base about
the Catalina Ridge he and sarbacher go to the
Bahamas a decent amount they go to Nassau Nassau
he does he takes his family to Nassau so what I
find interesting there is now there are tons of
rumors around this site there called atic where
a bunch of these possibly Usos sub submersible
UFOs underwater UFOs are rumored to come out of
the water there and there are these underground
cables as well that you you see pictures of them
that like nobody knows why there are cables going
going down there's the comm's line or what is it
yeah and why was he and Robert sarbacher
constantly meeting you know at Nassau the
the presumption of the book is that maybe it was
the Caroline group maybe it was this group that's
behind the scenes kind of pulling the strings the
Caroline carine group refers to a Consortium of
international Elites and private sector Finance
years who meet on a yacht called the Caroline
this was the private yacht of Eldridge Reeves
Johnson whose Victor Talking Machine Company
was the predecessor of RCA records the Caroline
group was simply a private Enterprise intelligence
operation formed between people who had very high
level corporate Capital interests to across the
globe in 1933 Johnson was allowing the
Smithsonian to use his Yacht for a deepsea
scientific Expedition and brown was serving
on the yacht as a radar and sonar engineer
but an early stop in Nassau suggests that the
purpose of the trip wasn't only scientific its
first stop was in Nassau and the Bahamas and the
Bahamas and Nassau figure from time to time in the
story there are meetings there with some of these
shadowy people people that we don't really know
who they are that was a base of operations for
Stevenson and that when the Caroline was parked
at the port in Nassau that Stevenson came on board
and had dinner with and then you even talk about
here with Roosevelt's quiet consent and without
Jay Edgar Hoover's knowledge William Stevenson
began laying the groundwork for an intelligence
Network unlike anything the world had ever seen
on the towns and brown forums a thread from 2006
describes the Caroline group as a Morgan has told
Paul that Townson was basically CIA research
and he said but he was pulled away a couple
of times for Espionage work Morgan is the code
name for Brown's longtime colleague and Linda
his daughter's love interest he's also one of
the main sources for shatkins book if I were
to recreate Morgan's path I would say that he
was working for Stevenson or wacken Hood in a
private security contract and they had the pool
to get him through Camp Perry for CIA training
you kidding another longtime Brown colleague that
shatkin Coden names O'Reilly says something very
telling he says that a couple of other Brown
inventions were handed over to other entities
and this Consortium seems to have something to
do with it is this Consortium a fingerprint of
the Caroline group later skunkworks director Ben
Rich apparently said this on his deathbed to John
Andrews of testers Motor Corporation we already
have the means to travel Among the Stars but these
Technologies are locked in Black projects and it
would take an act of God to ever get them out to
benefit Humanity but perhaps most interestingly
Andrews who has photographic evidence of his
correspondence with Rich said this it was Ben
Rich's opinion that the public should not be told
about UFOs in extraterrestrials he believed they
could not handle the truth ever only in the last
month of his decline did he begin to feel that
the international corporate board of directors
dealing with the subject UFOs could represent a
bigger problem to the citizens personal freedom
under the United States Constitution than the
presence of offworld visitors themselves so who
is this International corporate board could
they have something to do with the Caroline
group but towns and brown wasn't just a pond to
some shadowy Consortium or three-letter agent
gen he was also probably pretty high up in Intel
himself and he may have actually been involved in
the original UFO crash retrieval program in 1957
Brown took part in the international geophysical
year a sweeping scientific survey of the earth
whose data was meant to be shared across borders
but as Jan points out brown used this as an
opportunity to gather some important National
Security Intel that gave Townson an opportunity to
travel around and set up these what we would call
listening post for the u2s as they overflew Soviet
Russia when Brown returned from the international
geophysical year he created naikap or the national
investigations committee on aerial phenomena it
was the first civilian organization dedicated to
investigating UFO sightings former CIA director
Rosco Hillen coder who is rumored to have been
involved in the Roswell crash became a board
member Townson I think he saw Nik sure you get
information on UFOs but he told Linda to filter
out the ones where they describe emotion like a
fluttering leaf and those are ours he said what
what does he mean a fluttering Leaf wobble
Jan saying that American anti-gravity craft
probably wobbled at the time totally comports
with the problems that the avocar was having
in the ' 50s the avocar would get 10 ft off the
ground and start wobbling out of control later
in the ' 60s through the80s the stabilization of
these man-made Vehicles could have been perfected
do you think that brown was crowdsourcing
intelligence for his work like or do you
think it was Counter Intelligence do you think it
was recruiting you think it I think that's a very
interesting Theory I I hadn't actually thought
of that one I'll I'll let's give one to Jesse
for coming up with Al one because because the way
he moves around in all these different areas and
elements it doesn't seem unreasonable to me that
that could be a valid hypothesis if naikap was
Counter Intelligence which I'm fairly sure it
was it began a long tradition of intelligence
Associated civilian UFO initiatives like muon and
others a lot of these serve as honey traps for
civilians to cough up their data to the CIA and
their fertile grounds for spreading disinformation
the Philadelphia Experiment was a wacky mythical
Navy experiment in 1943 whose intention was was
to turn the USS Eldridge invisible and teleport it
from Philadelphia to North fol Virginia the ship
uh seemed to Glow in the field and all of a sudden
it flicked off instead of flicking on Jan thinks
it was a nuclear explosion a turbine exploded and
the men got showered with hexafluoride something
a fluid that had been radiated I think the
Philadelphia Experiment did happen but the story
we have is just an insane cover and and all of
this just it mes the water very very effectively
the real question is what was Brown's involvement
with it if any after all brown actually told his
friend Josh Reynolds who worked closely with him
that the Philadelphia Experiment book and later
movie were greatly inflated Brown was officially
discharged from the Navy in 1942 a few months
before the experiment would have taken place
Townsen gets a letter telling him he is supposed
to transfer his equipment M from the University of
Philadelphia to the Navy at Norfolk and he stalled
around for a month or two and then he his letter
says for the good of the Navy and to avoid Court
Marshal I hearby resign did he move immediately
to California as shatkin believes or did he stick
around in Norfolk as author and anti-gravity
historian Paul La Violet believes a clue might
be found in a 1942 FBI file on Brown the file sh
Jo Brown Living in Laurel Canyon on Wonderland
Boulevard this possibly points to shatkin being
right that he left the Navy in 1942 and went
straight to work at Martin Vega Corporation in
La this guy's now been discredited from the Navy
but oh he shows up at this Aviation facility that
is underneath this speaking of camouflage it was
actually under a canopy of camouflage but the FBI
file begets more questions why would the FBI even
have a file on Brown in the first place especially
right after The Philadelphia Experiment supposedly
took place well the file even says that towns
and brown knew more about radar detection than
any individual in the US Navy they also say that
prior to Brown's move to LA he was stationed at
Norfolk Virginia in the Atlantic Fleet school this
is exactly where the Philadelphia Experiment was
rumored to take place the file also repeats
that brown both cheated on his wife but was
also a self-confessed homosexual this seems like a
classic Jed G Hoover intimidation tactic planting
fake comprom on a key individual to ensure future
compliance so if the Philadelphia Experiment did
actually involve sensitive us equities it might
make sense to have this compromising file on Brown
according to the 1971 Australian intelligence
document US Air Force Chief of Staff General
Nathan Twining stated that the best brains in
the Air Force are working on this problem of
unidentified flying objects trying to solve this
riddle the document adds that General Twining was
probably not referring to Project Blue Book Blue
Book was just the public facing UFO investigations
committee the year is 1960 residents near Hartford
Connecticut see a greenish Fireball in the sky it
makes a loud noise as it comes Crashing Down to
Earth an observer hears the crash and follows it
going outside to find a shed on fire metal debris
is found in the vicinity the cover story was oh
it's a Russian satellite that exploded mhm but
that was sort of debunked Townsen goes to the
location in New England somewhere and he has
permission to take the material Project Blue
Book wants it by the time they get there this
nobody that no one's ever heard of at that time
has disappeared with it we know about this crash
thanks to UFO researcher Michael sorett who had
collected the file from the Smithsonian archives
in the 80s but had never noticed that towns and
brown was mentioned in it according to swords a
chemical analysis of the metal was said to show
that the thing was neither satellite nor meteorite
do you have any idea what the material was made
the analysis said aluminum and some form of um
barium and where have we seen barium before both
on the chalkboard at the bonson labs where towns
and brown worked and in his Winter Haven proposal
Brown brings up barium to be used in one of his
motors for his gravitator discs both aluminum and
barium are high K dialectric materials when
used as the insulator they would massively
increase the thrust of Brown's gravitator just
like magnesium bismi barium Titan has a is a
ceramic that has an extremely high K ratio that's
the the dialectric capacity of it like water has
a dialectric capacity of zero and barium titanate
is in like the four figures barium is the heaviest
stable alkaline earth in fact Brown's later work
in the 7s and ' 80s often revolved around a weird
field he liked to call piso electrics basically
looking for charged rocks that can store and
discharge High electromagnetic charge in other
words materials like aluminum barium and magnesium
bismuth with high K factors I used to say Townson
is was a radiation man but when I dug into it I
realized Townson was always a materials man his
father owned a sand molding company what are they
doing with sand molding but making composits
because you have to put bonding to your sand
so Town grew up with that kind of mind but here's
maybe the craziest part of this whole UFO crash
retrieval Story the UFO material initially goes
to Fred Whipple and Jay Allen heinik at Harvard's
moonwatch an observation and collection program
for the world's first satellites Robert friend
at Blue Book also expresses intense interest in
the samples but all all towns and brown had to
do was show up at Moon watch's office and flash
his credentials he's then able to take immediate
control of the material basically declaring
eminent domain what exact credentials did towns
and brown have to flash to completely front run
and stiff arm Blue Book Project Blue Book was the
best they could do at the time because they felt
they had a real project going on that was secret
okay is that true and the Air Force did oh I
didn't know that the Manhattan Project would
have custody of it and then it would go into the
atomic energy commission and then it would go
into the department of energy which has its own
line of clearances Linda Brown often describes
her father as being part of a deeper draft or
much more authoritative part of the intelligence
Community than your typical agency workers if
true this UFO crash retrieval story definitely
corroborates that the thing I keep going back and
forth on is like was this all just gravity control
Tech that we figured out in the 40s and 50s you
have more crashes then because the the it works
less well because you're you're just starting off
so you have crashes and then you have you have
him trying to like you know do Tech protection
and figure out what civilians know about this
through naikap or whatever or you read about him
and he's talking very what seems to be earnestly
and sincerely about UFOs and time travel in
his private life in a way that doesn't feel
fabricated or like Counter Intelligence that he
would like voed on his family well and so are the
UFOs time travel are the UFOs just gravity control
machines is that a false dichotomy or are the UFOs
extraterrestrials or maybe all of That's A and C
the is all the right yeah yeah what do you what
do you think I think all of the above you think
all the above I think all the above okay my hunch
is that if you're able to somehow put yourself
backward or forward in the SpaceTime Continuum
you'll be in a different dimension not in the same
Dimension well that recalls a conversation between
Morgan and towns and brown or Morgan's in his
office and towns and brown said what what if we
had the ability to time travel you know I believe
we're going to be able to do it in our lifetime
and we'll have a list of people who will be able
to do this right and Morgan says I want to be on
that list th and Brown says I think you will be on
that list and he says what would the first thing
you do we had time travel and uh Morgan says I'd
go back and I'd save my sister because his sister
in a pool accident and that caused his parent his
whole family to S break disintegrated around me
in 1929 he wrote a paper this kind of cutting
back but yeah 1929 he writes a paper about the
minor Quantum right and never sees the light of
day later while he's at Martin he writes another
um paper called the structure of space and that
is you can that's available right um why do you
think the minor Quantum paper and that's right
when he gets recruited by the Navy do you the
Navy saw it and then recruited him and the that
is now classified cuz it's impossible to find
appear it it is and you can't find any reference
to it Townsen Brown scientific paper which we do
have access to is called the structure of space
which he wrote in the early 40s while working at
Martin Corporation in the paper you have two kind
of gravities gravity Wells which are positively
charged and attractive and gravity hills which are
negatively charged and repulsive most matter is
weakly positively charged because the protons in
an atom outweigh its electrons when you combine a
positive and a negative charge so a gravity well
and a Gravity Hill you create a wave a wave that
a craft like a UFO could serve you're riding a
wave basically you create a wave and you're on
top of the tsunami wave and you're riding across
SpaceTime that's fascinating perhaps one of the
more bizarre aspects of towns and Brown's work
is his lifelong obsession with a concept called
siderial radiation this idea came from the fact
that the sun and the moon's positions actually
had minor effects on his gravity gravitator in
other words there's some form of radiation coming
from the solar system that actually affects
gravity and creates gravitational anomalies
he noticed fluctuations in those effects which
seem to have some um bearing on the immediate
gravitational field the position of the sun or
position of the moon and the influence of those
gravitational fields yeah and he was very very
interested through the entire course of his life
in what that radiation what those signals were one
of the things he did was build these devices that
he called electrometers and they were receiving
maybe neutrinos we don't know but every so often
there'd be an anomaly and the anomaly started to
show up in patterns and he started to find well
the patterns correlate to the siderial calendar
siderial calendar being the calendar by the star
not the Sun but he was doing that um electrometer
stuff even on Catalina at the end of his
life at first I thought this was the part of
Brown's work that you could resoundingly write off
it seemed like complete quackery to me and then
just a few weeks ago I had a call with a prominent
Harvard physicist this person is a secret fan
of towns and Browns and is very interested in
siderial radiation but chose to remain anonymous
because of brown stigma and I'm not talking about
AI lobe somebody obviously interested in finding
extraterrestrial life you can think with me just
as a farm boy that is curious rert sheldrick
a British experimentalist who's a little more
unconventional also discusses the preponderance of
gravitational anomalies and how the gravitational
constant isn't all that constant but I said well
then what about Big G the gravitational constant
known in the trade as Big G it's written with a
capital G Newton's universal gravitation constant
that's varied by more than 1.3% in recent years
and it seems to vary from place to place and
from time to time and he said oh well those
are just errors and unfortunately there are
quite big errors with big G so I said well what if
it's really changing I mean Perhaps it is really
changing and um then I looked at how they do it
what happens is they measure it in different labs
they get different values on different days
and then they average them and then other
labs around the world do the same and they come
usually with a rather different average and then
the international committee on Metrology meets
every 10 years or so and average the ones from
labs around the world to come up with the value of
Big G but what if G were actually fluctuating what
if it changed there's already evidence actually
that it changes throughout the day and throughout
the year the other thing that brown structure of
space tries to do is revive the concept of The
Ether the 19th century concept that empty space
is actually full of substance the Michaelson moley
experiments involved a set of optical observations
to detect The Ether in the 1890s in short they did
not detect The Ether but the absence of evidence
is not the evidence of absence and even Albert
Einstein who vehemently opposed The Ether earlier
in his career became open to its compatibility
with general relativity when you are trying to
come up with this analogy between electromagnetism
and general relativity to explain some of these
effects are you dealing only with the Levi Chita
connection of the metric as Einstein did or are
you considering I'm basically dealing with the
metric coefficients by postulating a dialectric
vacuum whose dialectric constant values for say
epsilon a mu the permeability and permitivity
of the vacuum can be manipulated and once you
manipulate those you're manipulating C which is 1
over the screw to Mu Epsilon and so once you begin
begin to manipulate C then you can change effects
associated with all of the and so you can with
this with this polarizable vacuum approach which
I published in the physics journal um you can
get all of the quote tests of general relativity
and so on so so the fact that you might be able
to pursue that further by taking into account
the fact that underlying electromagnetism is is
um vacuum fluctuations which have the effect of
controlling the value for Epsilon mu so then you
say okay well if I want to go over to general
relativity maybe I can control the underlying
values for the metric coefficients if empty space
or the quantum vacuum is filled with a medium
the most efficient way to communicate over vast
distances is to tug on the medium itself not to
send send a signal through it that's why towns
and Brown's Winter Haven proposal doesn't only
involve exotic propulsion it involves novel
Communications we're coming right here to one
of the central questions of I guess all of modern
science is space empty or is there something to it
and whether or not there are ways to influence
what we can call the quantum Continuum or or
whatever is that space between the nucleus and
the electron orbit decart called it the plenum
now when we talk about transmitting sound waves
for example we transmit the sound waves through
the through a medium and they travel as a in a way
what Townsen Brown seems to be describing in the
structure of space is that there is something that
may have been dismissed in the Michaelson Morley
experiment which was unable to detect ether that
there is still something of for lack of a better
word substance to empty space and that if you
can tug on that empty space that rather than
sending a wave through a medium you're tugging
on the Rope itself and the the the tug appears
on the other end instantaneously and you can do
that through really high energy output right it's
super interesting finally the weirdest component
of Brown's work is time travel the way this might
work would be somewhat like the legendary durlock
or the Bell was described in Nazi Germany an SS
officer named Jacob sporrenberg documented
magnetic field separation Vortex compression
all surrounding a possible anti-gravity machine
this bell-shaped machine was also supposed to
manipulate time under high voltages originally I
thought this sounded absolutely nuts and I'm still
not sure what to think of it but Walter gerlock
who is a very well-respected physic physicist at
the time and was super interested in anti-gravity
apparently worked on the project as did Ernest
growz head of the SS medical experiments division
under which Joseph mango worked there's even a
Polish journalist named Igor bitkowski who seems
to be very high conviction that the Bell did in
fact exist and it would make sense that these
characters might be involved if you're putting
actual people in a high voltage environment and
trying to make them travel through time in fact
we know from Nicola Tesla that as long as the
current is low voltages can be very high and the
electrical charge can go through the human body
without doing too much damage and Nick cook Source
Dan Marcus told him that the Germans had been able
to slow time within the area of the bell's torsion
field the ceramic line chamber to 1,000 the rate
at which it was progressing outside if you sat
inside the chamber for a year what you've done is
slow time down on the inside while on the outside
it progresses at a normal rate step outside the
chamber after a year is ticked by on your calendar
and you find yourself a thousand years into the
future again this concept seems absolutely insane
to me but we do know that time slows down the
closer you get to a gravitational Source general
relativity you know teaches us that know clocks
either speed up or slow down you know based on
uh whether near a gravitational Source or not you
know one over r squared over distance you know you
can create a gravitational Source in one of two
ways through mass or through energy so with high
enough energy maybe you could slow time another
theoretical framework that may explain Brown's
work is Ferris Williams 5D Dynamic Theory Ferris
was a colleague of Oki Shannon former manager
of special projects at Los Alamos National Labs
Shannon is on record saying if we were to build
an anti-gravitational device it would be built
on the principles involved in Williams Theory
and in 1988 the corporation saic was tasked with
studying Electric culion and anti-gravity for
Edwards Air Force Base their paper stated that
Dr James Woodward's work on anti-gravity which
is built on Townsen Brown's research on capacitors
demonstrated theoretical validity and was showing
enough progress to Warrant further support and
funding the paper also said that Ferris Williams
was essential to the research in suggested that a
five-dimensional framework like Williams has could
lead to unified field theory in novel propulsion
methods which again brings us back to what Nick
Cook's pseudonymous Source Dan Marcus told him
but here was the truly wild part The Vortex Marcus
said wasn't a three-dimensional phenomenon
or even a four-dimensional one it couldn't
be for a torsion field to be able to interact
with gravity and electromagnetism it had to be
endowed with attributes that went beyond the three
dimensions of left right up and down and the four
dimensional Time Field they inhabited something
that the theorists for convenience sake labeled
a Fifth Dimension ion hyperspace and just look
at what novel propulsion expert physicist and
UFO Legend Eric Davis writes while attempting to
debunk the bfield brown effect in his frontiers
of propulsion science he concedes that an
Air Force study postulated that by assuming
a five-dimensional Continuum an electrogravitic
coupling could be derived to explain the bfield
brown effect which again begs the question why
would the Air Force continue to be motivated to
derive a theoretical framework for the bfield
brown effect effect if it doesn't work in the
first place or if it can just be attributed to
ion wind if it's just attributable to ion wind
you don't need another framework this brings us to
perhaps the most practical but also revolutionary
theory around Brown's work one that doesn't
involve any unknowable trans temporal Fifth
Dimension what this five-dimensional Theory
appears to do is tie together electromagnetism
with gravity if you can do that if you can take
advantage of his expanded actual equations then
maybe you can build an anti-gravity device Shannon
is probably talking about a theory called extended
electrodynamics a theory I personally learned
about from a top Navy scientist who chose to
remain anonymous for fear of reprisals from
his superiors for discussing this topic when
you introduce the scaler field you now have the
possibility of at least three completely new
kinds of waves extended electrodynamics only in
involves a few tweaks to classical electrodynamics
but those tweaks actually just represent a more
faithful adherence to the original equations of
electromagnetism developed by James Clerk Maxwell
way back in 1865 you see the original set of
Maxwell's 20 equations involved one equation for
each of the three XYZ Vector components of the
electric and magnetic fields but a British
physicist named Oliver heavyside who came
right after Maxwell condensed these 20 original
equations down to four simple Vector calculus
equations in the name of Simplicity by doing
that heavy side only left room for one kind of
traveling electromagnetic wave your conventional
transverse herzan wave this involves electric and
magnetic vectors perpendicular to each other and
to the propagation direction of the wave another
physicist named lorence developed an equation
that set a constraint between the two potential
functions scalar and Vector potentials this Lorent
equation is a staple in classical electrodynamics
he set the equation or the sum of the derivatives
of the vector and scalar potentials equal to
zero this imposed an artificial and arbitrary
constraint that limited the range of things these
equations could describe in nature things like
the bom Aronoff effect which seem pretty anomalous
in the classical electrodynamics framework where
electromagnetic potentials can be present without
the presence of magnetic or electric Fields with
the new equation of extended electrodynamics you
don't just have magnetic and electric Fields
you also have what's called a scalar field and
this makes possible at least three new kinds of
waves scalar scalar longitudinal and helicoidal
these waves often don't decay in the same way
traditional herzan waves do and they also interact
with electrons differently these scalar waves
may actually couple with gravity more tightly
than traditional herzan waves explaining the
Byfield Brown effect this may explain a lot of the
anomalous effects that towns and brown and other
high voltage physicists have gotten over the years
according to this Navy scientist these new waves
involved in extended electrodynamics can unlock
novel propulsion better underwater and deep space
communication and even help bring about clean and
free energy these scaler and Vector potentials
that the quantum field breaks down into might
have been what Townsen Brown was describing
in his lost 1929 paper the minor Quantum it's
impossible disappeared it it is and you can't find
any reference to it and these Quantum potentials
may even have something to do with spooky
phenomena like remote viewing just think about
it information transfer in remote viewing seems
to transcend SpaceTime and not Decay like any of
the other four forces in physics would was towns
and brown at all connected with remote viewing
research the CIA was funding at Stanford Research
Institute and Linda was visiting her father in
Atherton at that time remember seeing a check
from the Townsen Brown Foundation to Stanford
for $100,000 finally scalar longitudinal waves may
also explain the atomic UFO connection detonate a
nuclear weapon and you're probably creating these
longitudinal waves sending some sort of signal to
UFOs Congressman do you think that these reverse
engineering programs have made any progress or do
you think yeah I do I just don't think they can
they're going to Scrat if they did we wouldn't
we would own the skies if they had it is isn't
it in their best interest to just get immunity
for themselves and try to refresh the talent
pool if these people are you know it's they're
all old and it's completely compartmentalized
and they haven't made you know in the Wilson
they're completely arrogant completely arrogant
they're above the laws personally I have no desire
to gratuitously out American defense projects
that help keep our population safe I'm Pro Amer
as evidenced by the name of my channel and pro
National Security and I was actually hesitant to
make this video because of that but in speaking to
people closer to the inside than me and voicing my
own apprehensions around these Revelations I've
gotten absolutely no good reasons as to why the
broader Frameworks around towns and Brown's work
should not be open source in fact at times I've
been encouraged by Anonymous people on the inside
to make this video because of the the potentially
very exciting civil side applications Brown's work
might lead to and if speculating on some hidden
black Aviation projects from 30 to 40 years ago
that have already been speculated on ad nauseum
by a ton of other people helps Garner resources
and support for these new scientific Frameworks it
feels like my moral duty to shed some more light
on those programs as evidence for the usefulness
of Brown's work the Legacy UFO program needs to
come forward and not leave David grush completely
hanging out to dry they need to have some courage
and stop thinking about their own selfish myopic
interests I should personally disclose that
most of my money is in a chemical combustion
rocket company with no plans to explore exotic
electromagnetic propulsion so I'm actually arguing
against my own interests here but for those of
society and Shining a light on Brown's work it's
my hope that people in the Legacy program begin to
act similarly it would even make sense for them to
do that from a national security perspective
should want it out itself yeah it's like yeah
protect what could be weaponized but generally
allow it to be studied openly uh but there's
absolutely like no coaching plan that I'm aware of
to do so now this wouldn't be an American Alchemy
episode if we didn't throw an insane wild card at
you at the end of the video my last guest Diana
Pula an incredible religious studies professor at
UNCC Wilmington writes in her first book American
Cosmic about a member of a secret space program
she codenames Tyler Tyler who's still a pseudonym
um for a person who is a mission controller and
works in the space force I've personally protected
Tyler's identity in every interview I've done
until now because this show isn't about doxing
people it's about substantive ideas but at this
point his name is literally all over the Internet
even in interviews with close to a million views
so I'll just mention it because it leads to maybe
the trippiest connection I've made in this whole
towns in brown Saga Tyler from Diana's book is
a NASA mission controller named Timothy Taylor
Taylor wrote an autobiography in March of 2003
called launch fever before anybody knew who Taylor
was in 2014 Townsen Brown's daughter Linda wrote
a review of Taylor's book she writes an engineer's
firsthand experience of what it means to be a part
of the space program a Charming Legacy to his
daughter and all of us so what is Tim Taylor's
connection with Townsen Brown well the son of
frequent UFO experience and personal friend of Tim
Taylor's Chris bledo had some interesting things
to say about the topic on Twitter he wrote that
Tim Taylor personally told my father he was in an
elite group called The Nassau group headed up by T
Townsen Brown also insinuated they had time travel
technology so what is Tim Taylor's connection with
towns and brown was brown the Chief Architect of a
secret parallel Space Program towns and brown had
a UFO experience in Catalina as a team teenager
is that right yes yes and I know the exact spot
he was where he was standing I used to ride my
horse up that Ridge it approached him it actually
approached him and and he said that he learned so
much standing there with that ball of light that
he went back to his which with the time was he had
a lab in Pasadena that was funded by his parents
so he had his own private lab and he said he went
to work immediately and he worked that was that
was the beginning of his life work and he said
that everything that he ever learned about his
work learned instantly W physics has sadly not
produced any forward progress over the last 50
years even the top string theorists are finally
waking up up to the futility of their abstract
math this leads us to our next Point unorthodox
thinking does not scale with IQ unfortunately
a bunch of really smart physicists have been LED
like sheep to slaughter into the wrong Frameworks
and as a result they've contributed nothing to
society academic institutions worldwide have
been engaged in a massive brain drain quite
simply the smartest people are working on the
dumbest problems until now we've only been able
to manipulate one of the four fundamental forces
of physics in a lab electromagnetism if we can
manipulate any of the others like gravity it
opens up a world of possibilities that include
Interstellar travel which is much as Elon Musk
loves to tell you rocketry will accomplish
it simply won't with conventional combustion
propulsion it would take 880,000 years to get to
the nearest star system Proxima centuri that's
simply unworkable and nuclear thermal propulsion
only speeds that up by by maybe 50% we need to be
able to manipulate SpaceTime itself as towns and
brown conceived I think our whole Space Program
is a little ridiculous per the pineapple and
PE analogy where uh you have all this insane
amount of power that it takes to just put these
little objects in space most most of the fuel in a
Saturn 5 rocket yeah is burned to get the rest of
the fuel off the launch pad it's just pure Brute
Force and then you just make it into low earth
orbit or you know it's just it's very I mean even
you think about Starship which is uh spacex's you
know 120 to 200 ton rocket if you think about what
it has to do just to get to the moon so because
of the tonnage which is a wild amount of I mean
that that's unprecedented amount of of mass that
we're putting in space with this rocket um one of
them goes up into low earth orbit it burns 9/10
of its fuel tank and then it's floating around
in low earth orbit with one tenth of the fuel
tank then you have to get another one up into
low earth orbit it does butto butut refueling of
the first one so you get you end up with two10 and
then you have a third one and so that literally
the the NASA contract with SpaceX to get to the
moon uhhuh involves like 10 of these butt tobutt
refuelings which God help you if you think that
that's going to be hard to do yeah and just to
get to the moon and then I think about the Earth
having all these bizarre geomagnetic anomalies
where you have these almost it seems like portals
on Earth where maybe you don't maybe you don't
have to do this sort of like floating through
space model like endlessly floating through space
you're you know things that are like light years
away maybe you can pull more on the on the you
know the substance itself sub SP yeah right well
there you go and maybe it's all the town and
brown stuff and maybe the real space program is
is that and if you even look at like Carl Sean's
uh contact like it it's like this crazy high it's
like you go into a wormhole or something in this
super high energy tank and maybe that's that's
the real interesting space program Brown's work
is definitely not the current state-ofthe-art in
propulsion I'll leave it to smarter people than
me to debate what type of space-time engineering
engine is best alary warp drive microwave beam
propulsion or otherwise but many of these exotic
prop ion mechanisms are derived from Brown's
fundamental unlock and so that's why almost 100
years after he discovered it I really think that
at the very least his work should be open- source
and better understood by the average science and
engineering student all the physical world stuff
we were promised in the ' 50s and 60s was in the
in the realm of flying cars and flying saucers
and and interplanetary travel and colonization and
and and you had all this sci-fi at the time that
was aspirational it wasn't dystopian there does
seem to be this point in the' 60s and' 7s where
the future ended mid-century America was full
of Hope and utopian dreams of the future Townsen
Brown brings us back to that future speaking of
Back to the Future was Hollywood dropping some
breadcrumbs and naming the wacky scientist in the
movie Doc Brown you're the only one that's noticed
that uh so I congratulate you his flux capacitor
makes time travel POS possible back to the 50s
the moment physics went astray what and the movie
takes place in 1985 the year of towns and Browns
dead Townsen Brown was an unrefined not super
educated inventor who made real breakthroughs
so in that vein I'd like to offer a $50,000 bounty
to anyone who can prove the Byfield Brown effect
under two conditions number one is the person has
to conduct the experiment in a vacuum chamber to
prove that the thrust effect isn't due to ion win
and number two you have to let us film it so reach
out to usa. Alchemy gmail.com if you're interested
and please if possible lead with any experience
you have doing experiments like these but as
I've said I have no dog in this fight so I will
also pay the $50,000 to anyone who definitively
disproves the bfield brown effect as long as I
feel like they are a good faith actor that would
kind of blow but hey it would get us closer to
reality again as a ba in history who re attended
his college courses and has completely armchair
takes on physics I'm not sure whether Brown's
experiments made their way into deep black Aeros
space in the form of exotic ionic propulsion
or more fundamental gravity manipulation but
I think either makes him dramatically more
interesting than his blatantly manipulated
Wikipedia page and both would probably lay better
foundations for an alternative lineage of very
Advanced Aviation propulsion that represents a
better future path to interplanetary travel so
let's and the science embargo our desperately
declining multi-polar world needs it and the
Ghost of towns and brown deserves it do you think
that town and brown and Morgan know how to time
travel yeah you do yeah I do and what do
you think towns and Brown's goal in time
travel is um maybe the end result
of all this is to bring the art
and beauty that the human species is
capable of to the rest of the cosmos
M God I said more crazy [__] in
the last 3 and a half hours than
I've said in 72 years yeah well I have
I have one final question for you Linda
which is if your father uh was maybe a time
traveler what do you think he's up to right
now oh boy I don't know if there's
something happening that's truly
J this probably would be in the middle of
it if if someone was trying to get
ready to launch some sort of my dad
would be rearranging their figures so they
wouldn't come up with what they thought
wow